c:\users\user2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BetterATM\BetterATM\bin\Debug\BetterATM.exe.config
c:\users\user2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BetterATM\BetterATM\bin\Debug\BetterATM.exe
c:\users\user2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BetterATM\BetterATM\bin\Debug\BetterATM.pdb
c:\users\user2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BetterATM\BetterATM\obj\Debug\BetterATM.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BetterATM\BetterATM\obj\Debug\AccountScreen.g.cs
c:\users\user2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BetterATM\BetterATM\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\user2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BetterATM\BetterATM\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\user2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BetterATM\BetterATM\obj\Debug\BetterATM_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\user2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BetterATM\BetterATM\obj\Debug\BetterATM_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\user2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BetterATM\BetterATM\obj\Debug\AccountScreen.baml
c:\users\user2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BetterATM\BetterATM\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\user2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BetterATM\BetterATM\obj\Debug\BetterATM.g.resources
c:\users\user2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BetterATM\BetterATM\obj\Debug\BetterATM.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\user2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BetterATM\BetterATM\obj\Debug\BetterATM.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\user2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BetterATM\BetterATM\obj\Debug\BetterATM.exe
c:\users\user2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BetterATM\BetterATM\obj\Debug\BetterATM.pdb
c:\users\user2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BetterATM\BetterATM\obj\Debug\Balance.g.cs
c:\users\user2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BetterATM\BetterATM\obj\Debug\Withdraw.g.cs
c:\users\user2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BetterATM\BetterATM\obj\Debug\Desposit.g.cs
c:\users\user2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BetterATM\BetterATM\obj\Debug\Balance.baml
c:\users\user2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BetterATM\BetterATM\obj\Debug\Withdraw.baml
c:\users\user2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BetterATM\BetterATM\obj\Debug\Desposit.baml
C:\Users\User2\Source\Repos\Hyland2017\BetterATM\bin\Debug\BetterATM.exe.config
C:\Users\User2\Source\Repos\Hyland2017\BetterATM\obj\Debug\BetterATM.exe
C:\Users\User2\Source\Repos\Hyland2017\BetterATM\obj\Debug\BetterATM.pdb
